Add nslookup test to clonerefs (#1765)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/images/clonerefs/README.md

# clonerefs

## Overview

This folder contains improved version of clonerefs that is based on the original [clonerefs](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/tree/master/prow/cmd/clonerefs) image.

> This version checks if network (DNS) in cluster is up before cloning the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version checks if the network (DNS) in a cluster is up before cloning the repository.
```
